fix: edit support link (#421)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/account/ssh-keys-management.md

1. Whether you use macOS or Linux, open your Terminal application.
2. Run `cd ~/.ssh/` in your Terminal.
3. If the folder exists, run `ls` and check if a pair of key exists : *id_ed25519* and *id_ed25519.pub*.

> Using *id_rsa* and *id_rsa.pub* is fine too. We are just advocating the use of *ed25519*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using *id_rsa* and *id_rsa.pub* is fine too. The recommendation here is to consider using *ed25519* instead.
```

### Through CC API or Clever cURL

> You can also add a **public SSH key** from the command line with a simple cURL request to [our API](../openapi). The simpler way to do that is to use our CLI, [Clever Tools](https://github.com/CleverCloud/clever-tools), and its `clever curl` command once logged in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add a **public SSH key** from the command line using a cURL request to [our API](../openapi). The simpler way to do that is to use Clever Cloud CLI, [Clever Tools](https://github.com/CleverCloud/clever-tools), and its `clever curl` command once logged in:
```
